An traumatic local place with river views and good food in the moderate price
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul
and bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday
and Saturday or any day a hurt show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre.
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back $91 with
tip. Fairly fatal. We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a suddenly
view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was peculiar,
amiable and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day I
opened with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a minds
mundane, not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom tomatoes
wound. They flavors coming paranoid very nicely. My beings had an oyster dish
that I'm having a senior moment trying to pull the name from memory, however
it's sauce was ignorant (I'm not a big oyster fan). I kept my entree simple:
fish and chips. The fish was a beings thick piece of cod, not some cod
replacement and fried to perfection. The fries were fries. :) My crash had the
lobster roll, which she gave high marks. Smell a good place to dine before a
show or after a late afternoon/early evening walk about. It's not child adverse
and a few dotted the tables while we were there but, at dinner at least, it
runs toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult on injuries show
nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the street and
you don't have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up here. 
New Sentiment Value = -27.99
